well I am in an abandoned warehouse
somewhere to live with Matt nasha the
eSports director director of eSports one
of the two at CLG Matt thank you so much
for sitting down with me thanks Travis
appreciate it I think that's our first
interview I think it is okay well here
we go hopefully it's a good one no let's
talk a little bit so CLG has had some
changes on the player front and the
roster front talk to Tony a little bit
as well I'm very curious what your
perspective is on kind of how this
offseason went because not only did you
have roster changes
Tony resigned and you guys kind of had
to look at what life was gonna be like
on the other side of this so maybe you
can take me through the offseason yeah
definitely so this actually started
before lost season so we kind of planned
and prepared a lot leading into what we
label offseason we spent a lot of time I
think about the roster what it currently
looks like spent a lot of time looking
at what players potentially could go to
free agency and really plans around what
we could do with a roster and what we
wanted to look like going to 2018
obviously with franchising comes higher
expectations and because of that you
know really put a lot of emphasis and
time into this so that we come out
swinging strong here in 2018 yeah
and so what what was kind of the
processor the the pathway was it because
I obviously you resigned Tony was like
okay we have to resign him so that we
can get his advice on the roster I mean
what's sort of the order of operations
on all this stuff yeah so Tony stop
reciting Tony was first priority because
Tony obviously helps us in understanding
the players from the game perspective
and getting his vice and bi and
obviously is a high value to us and so
being able to collaborate with Tony
bring him in on these closed doors
conversations as to what we'd like to do
with the roster was the highest priority
at that time and so once we did that it
really made the transition of how do we
prepare going 2018 who do we want
and you know where our top priorities
are one of the things that I heard a lot
during the offseason because they did
several interviews following all that
stuff was just how hectic and the scene
it was right like stuff going back and
forth how am i interesting at a lot of
the players and have representation
which might have complicated things so
from your perspective what was it like
as a smoke machine goes off in the
distance somewhere you know going
through the whole offseason process yeah
hectic is a good way to put it this
offseason was really challenging for
multiple reasons we were waiting on riot
for a lot of information and so it kind
of prevented us from being able to you
act and there was deadlines and times on
which we could talk to players so that
was probably one of the more challenging
things and then once that opportunity
hit and we knew we could start talking
to players things moved very quickly and
I was up my family and wife were not
very pleased but I was pretty much on
phone calls with players and other
owners for probably three or four days
straight and yeah I was a very busy time
but the good part was because we spent
so much time planning and preparing we
had a very solid action plan as to we
knew where we wanted to go next and who
to contact and were a priorities light
so yeah
you joined CLG towards the end of 2016 I
would say yeah so my first time actually
interacting with the LCS team was at
Worlds 2016 okay yeah and and then you
came through 2017 and now preparing for
what has this whole process been like
for you because I'm sure you know
talking to you a little bit over a year
since you joined everything is very
different for you and sort of your take
on the team and how to run all this
stuff you know kind of curious about all
that yeah so 2017 was an opportunity for
me to kind of see a full season in Week
and what that looks like and both the
challenges that it presents as well as
where we can make improvements as we
continue to develop and grow and so as
such and getting more embedded with the
players around LCS and understanding our
career Oscar as well as the other
players it was very valuable to
understand where we could make
improvements and
that would be really helpful for us
going into the future yeah and speaking
of 2017 one of the major things that
happened was the Madison Square Garden
yep event the deal with CLG deal yes
sure a huge moment for the company and
kind of what was your take on that whole
situation and how if things gone since
then yeah so the mystery acquisition is
really great because it allows me to
actually do a lot of things that I've
been asking to do yeah that includes
acquiring certain players and as well as
developing the structure internally so
that way it can be what it is that I've
envisioned as well as upper management
as well that we've got to collaborate it
on and so with that comes a lot of
opportunity for us and it's very
exciting obviously there are some things
that the community has a lot of
questions about and I'm aware of yeah
and but I'm really optimistic about
where we're going 2018
yeah I'm raising the community questions
at one point in time I think it was
maybe a month or so ago I saw a threat
on the CLG subreddit that basically said
why do we have a director of eSports if
we're just gonna keep dropping all of
our sports what what what is the
reasoning behind a lot of the changes
that we've been seeing what are the
motivations there I think a lot of
people expected you know the MSD
situation to not only allow you guys to
maintain the existing rosters and
investments you guys had but also
perhaps double down on them yeah so
probably a lot of surprise from people
seeing these changes you know what would
you say to the folks that are kind of
questioning all this yeah I think the
questions are belly I mean obviously
there's a lot of conversations that are
had that the community is unaware of and
some of the decisions that are being
made and so for them to not fully have a
full context to that makes a lot of
sense I would say that they continue to
trust EOG and now with MSG in the
partnership and understanding were we're
evaluating teams and how we're gonna
support teams moving forward every time
we enter a new title we want to make
sure that we do to our fullest and so
that was a large portion of evaluation
as we were looking at different titles
that we currently have and we're
want to go yeah and so I'm very excited
about where we're going in 2018 pretty
shortly I think the fans and community
will be really excited about some of the
upcoming announcements and what we plan
on doing as we look to expand and
support other teams cool yeah the only
other concern that I've seen or question
I think a lot of people are talking
about is that it seems so some of the
figures that we've seen associated with
CLG historically are no longer
associated with the team or the
organization and so for the people that
are kind of concerned to see a lot of
familiar faces or feel as though there's
a lot of people swapping in and out of
the organization you know what would you
say for the people that are concerned
about that yeah so everybody's situation
was different as to why they either
stayed or left some it was personal some
you know there's just a lot of different
reasons I would say that to the
community the great exciting part about
this about the transition is that we're
hiring a very very competent people into
some of these new positions and we're
kind of restructuring some of the
organization and as such it's going to
the community and the fan of CLG will
see a lot of changes in a positive way
and things that they were going to
benefit from and understandably this is
a transition for us too
so has the fans and commuter going
through it we are as well and you know I
can say confidently that in 2018 that's
going to be like a really exciting time
yeah because like I've stated earlier we
actually get to do the things that we've
been talking about for so long yeah any
updates that you could share on the CLG
facilities I think yeah Maliki before he
left me a statement about how there
should be a new CLG office or facility
or something on the west side of LA yeah
so one of the first things that I kind
of brought up actually I brought stuff
for my interview when I was taking this
position was about the balance between
work life and players just having like
personal lives which often times is a
struggle in eSports to you make sure the
players are not being burned down and so
one of things that I was pushing for and
I know George wanted and now with msg
that everybody is on board and so not to
say that I was the one
yeah I came on yeah but point being
though is that this has been something
that we've been talking about for some
time now and so again this is one of
those really exciting things that we can
do now with Emma she is that we can get
into a facility so we're in the process
of finalizing the way that it's going to
be laid out the construction all that
good stuff and so we should be moving
there as soon as we possibly can once
everything is done and the players will
have a really awesome experience we
really want to make it more professional
take east forces another level which is
something that I've been trying to do in
this role and to give to our players to
make sure that they have the best
support going forward and so again the
acquisition provides a lot of resources
so what MSG is able to do with like the
Knicks and Rangers yeah we can do very
similarly so it's really exciting very
cool sounds like an exciting time for
CLG is there anything that you would say
to any of the CLG fans out there maybe
on the league side or even broader yeah
as 2018 gets going yeah I just wanna say
thanks everybody for the support you
know the criticism the feedback
everything is always appreciate it keeps
us accountable but just ask that you
guys really trust the process and what
MSG and CLG are looking to do going
forward and there should be some
exciting updates coming up in the near
future
very good thank you so much for the
interview and for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things these sports right here on my
youtube channel
everyone I am updating my support page I
appreciate all the support that I've
been given so far but I'm coming up with
some options that don't include
necessarily spending money because a lot
of people have been asking for that so
you check out all that new stuff over at
Travis Khafre dot-com slash support